SDK-1470: Move Sandbox (#1)
getyoti/yoti-ruby-sdk-sandbox: README.md

# Yoti Ruby Sandbox SDK

This repository contains the tools you need to test your Yoti integration.

## Installing the Sandbox

To import the Yoti Sandbox SDK inside your project, add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'yoti_sandbox'
```

And then execute:

```shell
bundle install
```

Or simply run the following command from your terminal:

```shell
gem install yoti_sandbox
```

## Configuration

> * `CLIENT_SDK_ID` is the SDK identifier generated by Yoti Hub in the Key tab when you create your app.

Reviewer: Would be good to distinguish between regular and Sandbox SDK IDs. I realise it's like this in other ones too, so if this sounds ok we can update the rest
```suggestion
* `CLIENT_SDK_ID` is the Sandbox SDK identifier generated by Yoti Hub from the Sandbox section. This is different to the Client SDK ID for your application.
```

Reviewer: Could even update the var name to `SANDBOX_CLIENT_SDK_ID`? As I know people won't always read the READMEs. @jlmartyres what do you think?

Reviewer 2: That's a good idea, and SANDBOX_CLIENT_SDK_ID is consistent with the Hub

Author: Updated in 5336112
